---
layout: post
title:  "Let the job hunt...begin"
date:   2014-09-23 12:05:10
categories: jobs glee
---

Last week Monday I began the journey into finding a job. I've been here before, my cohortmates have all been here before, but this time it feels a little different. I think the difference, for me at least, tends to be that my qualifications seem to better fit the jobs I am applying for.

This isn't to say that I think I am ultra-qualified for everythign I'm applying to, but I do feel better than when I graduated undergrad with a B.S. in Communications and was qualified for just about nothing.

####The Search
I have spent most of my time looking for companies that I find inspiring and seem like genuine places I would like to work. This is quite the shift from just blindly applying to anythign and everything that shows up on a job board (which is where I was 3 years ago).

I've narrowed it down to about 20 or so companies that I'm putting my effort into. This means reaching out with cold emails, finding similarities with employees and showing my genuine interest in working for their company.  

####My Free Time
While the job hunt is serious business, I do intend to use my free time wisely. I have watched almost 2 seasons of Glee <-- Time well spent. And then I've been working on my Scheduling app. The app is keeping my code game strong while Glee is a constant reminder that I cannot sing, but will one day learn how!

I'm going to try my hardest to post more often as I have the free time now and should be contributing. 
