---
layout: post
title:  "Ask away"
date:   2014-07-13 12:05:10
categories: cultural dbc
---

The art of asking a 'good question' is quickly becoming a very important aspect of my coding thus far. I often find myself searching the Internet for an answer to a puzzling question re our DBC prep work thus far. It would be easy to search the question in its entirety but that would just give you results that tell you the entire answer and not how to get there.

I have asked countless questions in my life thus far and can only imagine that number will continuously grow. I haven't really written down a lot of questions so I went to stackoverflow to seek out a question to review and here is what I found.

{% highlight ruby %}
Ruby Basic authentication

I want to build an application that will be making a request to 
twitter search api using the basic authentication method. 
In my searches, I came across this following piece of code 
using rest-client package:

resource = RestClient::Resource.new('http://example.com', 
:user => 'user', :password => 'password')

however it returned 'bad request: 400'

Can anyone advise?
{% endhighlight %}

First, I think the title doesn't at all build into what the question is, and is a little misleading. That is an immediate turn off from this question to anyone that may be of help with authentication or vice versa. The question, itself is detailed and provides a lot of helpful insight for people looking to answer it. The asker is specific and really delves into what they are looking for.

The big issue with this question is that they don't provide any output for their error here so the first poster found that and asked a new question in response. If the output posts here and the user community is able to post an answer, the asker would have been better positioned had they responded with that initially.